---
layout: post
title: "less of..."
date: 2018-05-09
---

going thru archives of my old 'blog', i found a post from just before my 30th bday, back in 2014. 

it had a long list of things that i wanted to do/be. it goes something like this...

1. be more disciplined
2. sleep better
3. eat better
4. write more
5. doodle/take pics every day
6. call home more
7. more me time
8. more meaningful connections
9. more yoga + running
10. care more + let go more
11. learn to code, work on site (ha, yes finally)
12. read more
13. be outside more
14. set larger goals

phew. and then i had this to say...

> what i do feel is a sense that i haven’t quite lived the time i have to the fullest. it’s not quite the same as a feeling of urgency, which is more a mourning of time gone by or that the end is nigh. i just feel i could do more, could do better. 

> what i’m after is not to work incessantly or pick up another project and work on that after work hours. what i mean is, i want to spend more time, doing the things i like, in a more disciplined manner, and with more intent. i want to be more deliberate with how i choose to spend my time. this is about starting things and finishing them; about setting a (small) goal and reaching it, with consistent, committed time and work, hopefully with a lot of fun sprinkled in.

i showed this to M the other day. after reading, he asked, "what do you want to do less of?"

thinking a bit more about this... i dug out my 2018 goals...

> do more of
> - consistent meditation/yoga/muay thai practice
> - ride bike more
> - go to dog park

> do less of
> - no shopping (except essentials)
> - cut back on coffee
> - limit procrastination / do one thing at a time / finish something before starting another

progress! it's surprising to me that all of my 'do more of' goals are physical/mental health related. as for the 'do less ofs', i haven't shopped and i've stopped drinking coffee, mostly. the 3rd one, really, is just a 'do more' disguised as a 'do less', or maybe 'do better' is more accurate. 

so, what do i want to do less of, that might not be as easy to do...

1. less self doubt/criticism and constant mental flagellation
2. less guilt (for not being with trooper all the time, not meditating daily, etc.)
3. be less defensive 
4. feel less embarrassment
5. fewer wrinkles? nah... see #4


